NEW:

As a customer I want to be presented with an option to browse pet catalog so that I could choose a pet for myself or as a present.
    Acceptance criteria:
        - When I choose to browse the catalog I expect to see it with pictures of pets.
        - When I click on a pet picture I expect to see information about the pet.
        - When I click on a pet picture I expect to see buttons to go back to catalog or continue with order.
        - If I cannot find a suitable pet I expect to see a button to stop browsing the catalog.

As an admin I want to see data through admin panel so that I could add/remove/edit existing data.
    Acceptance criteria:
        -

As a customer I want to see an informative message with buttons at the beginning of the conversation so that I could understand better what the service is about and know what I could do next.
    Acceptance criteria:
        - When I finish ordering a pet I expect to be presented with options again only without welcome message.
        - If I press to browse I expect to be presented with the catalog.
        - If I press the button for a random pet I expect to be asked to choose a price range
        - If after reading the welcome message I don't want to order I expect to see a button to end order and leave some feedback.

OLD:

When I ( say hi | do nothing) then I am presented with a message:
    Hello, this is a service where you can order a pet in a box for yourself or as a gift.
    We have a catalog where you can find general information about the pets that we offer.
    Would you like to browse our catalog?

If I do not want to browse the catalog:
    I expect to be offered and option for a random pet.
    I expect to be asked how much money I am willing to spend on a pet.
    I expect to be asked if it is a gift for a friend or for myself.

If I choose to browse the catalog:
    I expect to be presented with animal categories (mammals, birds, etc.).
    I expect each category to be presented in picture format.
    I expect to see information ( species name, size, price ) below each picture.
    I expect to see arrows for navigation left and right through each animal category.
    I expect to see button continue with by selection and then buttons for sex selection.

After selecting an animal from the catalog:
    I expect to be asked if it is a present for a friend.
    I expect to be asked for shipping address.
    When the address is input I expect to be asked if I want billing send to the same address.
    If I choose no then I have to input another address.

When address information is set:
    I expect to be asked if i want to:
        browse again
        get a random pet
        end my order
When I choose to end order I expect to be presented with full order information
I expect to see a greeting message after a successful order.

TIPS ON WRITING USER STORIES:

As a <user role/customer>
I want to <goal to be accomplished>
so that I can <reason of the goal>.

“Given some precondition when I do some action then I expect the result”.

Hence, the User story defines the requirement for any functionality or feature while the Acceptance Criteria defines the ‘Definition of done’ for the user story or the requirement.